Homework 1:

Play the game using all decks:
    - Power of the people
    - Guard of Byzantine
    - Mongol Hordes
    - Ancient powers

You can play against any deck you want.

Homework 2:

Play the game using a personal deck

Homework 3:

Change your name, make a deck and win the game on Hard

Homework 4:

In the file player from lines:13-39 there are variables what types of variables are there:
    For example:
        - self.hp is an int
        - self.problem is a string

Homework 5:

In file player at line 56 there is an if what is that if doing
In file Defence there are 2 variables that are always string find them


Homework 6:
In the file game_logics from line 137-181 how many try-except are there ?
Can you tell when one starts and when it ends ?


Homework 7:
In the file lists_of_cards there are lists,dicts and tuples can you give me an example of each of them ?
Can you find dicts that have only string:int pairs, or string:tuple pairs or string:string

Homework 8:
The game_logics file has only functions can you find:
    - functions that have only 4 arguments
    - functions that have unused arguments
    - functions that may return None
    - functions that may return int
    - functions that have a try-except body (for example heal_creature is a try-except body)
    - functions that don't have a return

Homework 9:
The server_logic file is the logic for the create_deck tab from web. The idea is that while reading the list of cards we save the
cards in a text base file so we can read it again. Where is the my_deck.text file located ? After creating a deck try to
look at the my_deck.txt file and check what is new. Try adding a break point in line 38 in server_logics then take it line by line and see
vales the variables take.

Homework 10:
main_server has multiple imports some of them are from personal modules others are python libraries which one is a personal module
and which one is a python library

Homework 11:
There are docstrings in the files find them.
Using the ctrl+right click get to the put_item_on function from game_logics
Using the ctrl+right click get to the clean_board function from player

Homework 12:
